Datafiles for sputter yields and sputtered energy,  
particle and energy reflection coefficients and 
mean ranges as a function of impact energy and angle.

Tables exist for H, D, T, He4, N, Ne, and Ar on Be (not N), 
C, and W, as well as selfbombardment. The incident energy 
covers a range from 10 eV to 1 keV (up to 50 keV for He), 
and 9 angles of incidence are chosen: 0 (normal incidence),
15, 30, 45, 55, 65, 75, 80, and 85 degree.

The tables are calculated with the Monte Carlo program
trvmcmom, which is vectorized version of trim.sp
determining also moments of distributions. The program
assumes a nearly flat surface, a statistically roughness
in the order of a monolayer is taken into account.
Well polished surfaces give a good agreement with the
calculated yields, but for rough surfaces the strong
angular dependence is reduced. 

The tables are arranged in such a way that lines give an
angular dependence of sputtering yields at a fixed energy
E0, and columns give an energy dependence at a fixed angle
of incidence. On top of the tables the values for the 
atomic numbers (z) and the masses (m) of the projectile 
(index 1) and the target atoms (index 2) and the value for
the surface binding energy (Es) are given. Furthermore, the
number ne of incident energies and the number na of incident
angles are provided. In the case for H, D, T, and N a binding 
energy of 1 eV for the projectiles is assumed.

The names of the files consist of the symbol for the projectile
and the target atom. The letter y after the point indicates 
sputter yields, the term ye sputtered energy. Analoguously,   
the term rn after the point indicates a table with values of  
the particle reflection coefficient, the term re a table with 
values of the energy reflection coefficient. The term 1m 
indicates the first moment of the depth distribution of 
implanted projectiles.

To check the sensitivity of simulation results depending on 
the sputter yields given in the tables a sputtering yield of
twice the yield at normal incidence and independent
on the angle of incidence can be tried (an assumption
in divimp for rough surfaces).
The energy distribution of the sputtered atoms can be
described by a Thompson distribution. An energy E can be
determined by a pseudorandom number r due to the formula
   E/Es = 1/((1.+1./a)*sqrt(1./r)-1.) ,
where Es is the surface binding energy and a the maximum
transferable energy divided by the surface binding energy.
   a = 4*m1*m2/(m1+m2)**2*E0/Es
E0 is the incident energy.
The angular distribution of sputtered atoms can be
approximated by a cosine distribution. An exit angle theta
can again be determined by a random number r
   theta = arcsin(r) .

If these data are used in a publication or report the origin
of the data should be referenced: W.Eckstein, IPP-Report 9/117,
Garching, March 1998.
