Datafiles for sputtering yields as a function of
impact energy and angle.    
The tables are calculated with the Monte Carlo program
trvmcmom, which is vectorized version of trim.sp
determining also moments of distributions. The program
assumes a nearly flat surface, a statistically roughness
in the order of a monolayer is taken into account.
Well polished surfaces give a good agreement with the
calculated yields, but for rough surfaces the strong
angular dependence is reduced, leading to an increase
in the sputtering yield at normal incidence and a 
decrease around the sputtering maximum.
To check the sensitivity of results depending on the
yields given in the tables a sputtering yield of 
twice the yield at normal incidence and independent
on the angle of incidence can be tried (an assumption
in divimp for rough surfaces).
The energy distribution of the sputtered atoms can be 
described by a Thompson distribution. An energy E can be
determined by a pseudorandom number r due to the formula
   E/Es = 1/((1.+1./a)*sqrt(1./r)-1.) ,
where Es is the surface binding energy and a the maximum
transferable energy divided by the surface binding energy.
   a = 4*m1*m2/(m1+m2)**2*E0/Es
E0 is the incident energy.
The angular distribution of sputtered atoms can be 
approximated by a cosine distribution. An exit angle theta
can again be determined by a random number r
   theta = arcsin(r) .

The tables are arranged in such a way that lines give an
angular dependence of sputtering yields at a fixed energy
E0, and columns give an energy dependence at a fixed angle
of incidence. On top of the tables the values for the 
atomic numbers (z) and the masses (m) of the projectile 
(index 1) and the target atoms (index 2) and the value for
the surface binding energy (Es) are given. Furthermore, the
number ne of incident energies and the number na of incident
angles are provided.
The names of the files consist of the symbol for the projectile
and the target atom. The letter y after the point indicates a  
table with values of the sputtering yields, the term ye a table
with values of the sputtered energy.
Similar tables exist for the particle (rn) and energy (re)
reflection coefficients in the subdirectory refl.data.
